Before the meeting starts,
I need to get things ready.
I’m Ben.
And as a ministerial servant,
I can do a lot
to help the congregation.
And that night
I was given another assignment.
Brother Richards asked if I could help him
update the territory maps
and organize our schedules
for public witnessing.
I think the brothers know
I can modernize all of this.
Brother Richards said to talk
to Brother Bello, first.
He was the service overseer for years.
Great idea!
But I can already imagine
the possibilities.
By that weekend,
I had almost finished.
I couldn’t believe the outdated ways
our records were kept.
This is going to be way better
for the congregation.
And who knows
what else could be improved?
I thought I had everything ready
to show Brother Richards.
He liked the new ideas,
but then he asked me,
“What did Brother Bello think?”
Oh, Brother Bello!
I forgot.
I should have asked him,
but at this point,
did it really matter?
Brother Richards suggested
we read about Elisha.
When the older Elijah’s work was ending,
Elisha stuck close to his teacher.
Urged to stay behind,
Elisha repeatedly said:
“As surely as Jehovah is living
and as you are living,
I will not leave you.”
Until the moment Elijah left,
Elisha wanted to learn from him.
Like a son asking his father,
he wanted a double portion
of Elijah’s spirit
to continue the work he started.
And Elisha’s first miracle
was the same as Elijah’s last:
dividing the Jordan
with Elijah’s official garment.
Everything Elisha did
revealed his respect
for the experienced man Elijah.
I wasn’t finished
with my new assignment after all.
There was a lot I needed to learn
from Brother Bello.
He really understood
our preaching territory
and the people who live here.
He liked my ideas,
but everything he showed me
made them even better.
I can do a lot
to help the congregation.
And I pray that Jehovah
lets me do even more
with the gifts he gave me
and with the wisdom
of experienced men.